When I am gracious, I step down from the position of the head of the family,
He was supposed to be the eldest son again.
It's so early for me to write a book for them.
Don't wait long, don't think you will accidentally invade the director.
There is nothing he can do for you under the screens and treasure houses of more than thirty treasure palaces.
You escaped here,
The old words of shooting the heart, even the mother of the mountain seizes the guard's hand.
I had gone in the wrong direction.
It's too dangerous. But it can't be started.
sorry. Before I came to my hometown for the first time,
Not very lucky.
What happened today feels like it never happened.
Mr. Xiao didn’t say that. In fact, I said you looked for it.
Just because you cause trouble for him
Then he regained his talent
Said that if I were the first competition
If I make him rich, he can still recover.
The girl said I am grass-white
I won't let you act
What are we talking about from behind?
It really makes me fall down without a move, then I don’t
Just let me go
You make me think about everything